[Site] Extend the doc of ProvisioningRequestConfig configuration with PodSetMergePolicy (#5319)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/admission-check-controllers/provisioning.md

- **retryStrategy.backoffLimitCount** - indicates how many times ProvisioningRequest should be retried in case of failure. Defaults to 3.
- **retryStrategy.backoffBaseSeconds** - provides the base for calculating backoff time that ProvisioningRequest waits before being retried. Defaults to 60.
- **retryStrategy.backoffMaxSeconds** - indicates the maximum backoff time (in seconds) before retrying a ProvisioningRequest. Defaults to 1800.

> - **podSetMergePolicy** - indicates the ability to merge similar or identical PodSets into a single PodTemplate. Disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **podSetMergePolicy** - allows to merge similar PodSets into a single PodTemplate used by the ProvisioningRequest. 
```

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
`podSetMergePolicy` feature is available in Kueue v0.12.0 version or newer.

> It offers two options: `IdenticalPodTemplates` and `IdenticalWorkloadSchedulingRequirements` and result in a merge of the Workload's PodSets into single PodTemplate.
> This was introduce in order to overcome limitations in some cloud providers that only allow provisioning one PodTemplate at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It offers two options: 
- `IdenticalPodTemplates` - merges only identical PodTemplates 
- `IdenticalWorkloadSchedulingRequirements`  - merges PodTemplates which have identical fields which are considered for defining the workload scheduling requirements.
```

> For example, it allows to create a ProvisioningRequest with a single PodTemplate when using PyTorchJob as in this sample: [`sample-pytorchjob.yaml`](/docs/tasks/run/kubeflow/pytorchjobs/#sample-pytorchjob). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, setting the field as either `IdenticalPodTemplates` or `IdenticalWorkloadSchedulingRequirements`  allows to create a ProvisioningRequest with a single PodTemplate when using PyTorchJob as in this sample: [`sample-pytorchjob.yaml`](/docs/tasks/run/kubeflow/pytorchjobs/#sample-pytorchjob). 
```

- **retryStrategy.backoffLimitCount** - indicates how many times ProvisioningRequest should be retried in case of failure. Defaults to 3.
- **retryStrategy.backoffBaseSeconds** - provides the base for calculating backoff time that ProvisioningRequest waits before being retried. Defaults to 60.
- **retryStrategy.backoffMaxSeconds** - indicates the maximum backoff time (in seconds) before retrying a ProvisioningRequest. Defaults to 1800.
- **podSetMergePolicy** - indicates the ability to merge similar or identical PodSets into a single PodTemplate. Disabled by default.

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
`podSetMergePolicy` feature is available in Kueue v0.12.0 version or newer.

It offers two options: `IdenticalPodTemplates` and `IdenticalWorkloadSchedulingRequirements` and result in a merge of the Workload's PodSets into single PodTemplate.
This was introduce in order to overcome limitations in some cloud providers that only allow provisioning one PodTemplate at a time.

> An example of benefit of `IdenticalWorkloadSchedulingRequirements` is PyTorchJob [`sample-pytorchjob.yaml`](/docs/tasks/run/kubeflow/pytorchjobs/#sample-pytorchjob),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, it allows to create a ProvisioningRequest with a single PodTemplate when using PyTorchJob as in this sample: [`sample-pytorchjob.yaml`](/docs/tasks/run/kubeflow/pytorchjobs/#sample-pytorchjob). 
```
